README.md, before:

<div align="center">
	
[![adwaita-themes](/.github/static/header.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes) [![issues](/.github/static/issues.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes/issues) [![pull requests](/.github/static/prs.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes/pulls)

Discover a curated collection of Adwaita-styled themes and projects to enhance the consistency of your GNOME desktop. Have any ideas or want to fix something? Make an issue or pull request for this repository.

</div>

## Contents

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Be aware that stylesheets and themes may disrupt application functionality and alter the intended user experience. If you encounter styling issues, report them to the theme developer, not the app developer.

- [Contents](#contents)
- [Toolkits](#toolkits)
- [Applications](#applications)

## Toolkits

- [QT](https://www.qt.io/)
  - [FedoraQt/adwaita-qt](https://github.com/FedoraQt/adwaita-qt)
  - [GabePoel/KvLibadwaita](https://github.com/GabePoel/KvLibadwaita) - Kvantum theme
  - [FedoraQt/QGnomePlatform](https://github.com/FedoraQt/QGnomePlatform) - Already used in GTK-based desktops
- [GTK3](https://docs.gtk.org/gtk3/)
  - [lassekongo83/adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) - Recommended! Without this, GTK3 applications look out of place with modern GNOME applications

## Applications

- [Discord](https://discord.com/)
  - [GeopJr/DNOME](https://github.com/GeopJr/DNOME)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
  - [piousdeer/vscode-adwaita](https://github.com/piousdeer/vscode-adwaita)
  - [wroyca/libadwaita-vscode-theme](https://github.com/wroyca/libadwaita-vscode-theme)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
  - [birneee/obsidian-adwaita-theme](https://github.com/birneee/obsidian-adwaita-theme)
- [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com)
  - [intergrav/stylesheets/spotify-adwaita](https://github.com/intergrav/stylesheets/tree/main/spotify-adwaita) - Designed for web player only, may or may not work with Spicetify
- [Steam](steampowered.com)
  - [tkashkin/Adwaita-for-Steam](https://github.com/tkashkin/Adwaita-for-Steam)
- [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
  - [rafaelmardojai/firefox-gnome-theme](https://github.com/rafaelmardojai/firefox-gnome-theme)

Commit message:

Add preview to README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Preview of various themed apps along with Nautilus file manager for reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes/main/.github/static/preview-no-card.png)

[![adwaita-themes](/.github/static/header.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes) [![issues](/.github/static/issues.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes/issues) [![pull requests](/.github/static/prs.svg)](https://github.com/intergrav/adwaita-themes/pulls)

Discover a curated collection of Adwaita-styled themes and projects to enhance the consistency of your GNOME desktop. Have any ideas or want to fix something? Make an issue or pull request for this repository.

</div>

## Contents

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Be aware that stylesheets and themes may disrupt application functionality and alter the intended user experience. If you encounter styling issues, report them to the theme developer, not the app developer.

- [Contents](#contents)
- [Toolkits](#toolkits)
- [Applications](#applications)

## Toolkits

- [QT](https://www.qt.io/)
  - [FedoraQt/adwaita-qt](https://github.com/FedoraQt/adwaita-qt)
  - [GabePoel/KvLibadwaita](https://github.com/GabePoel/KvLibadwaita) - Kvantum theme
  - [FedoraQt/QGnomePlatform](https://github.com/FedoraQt/QGnomePlatform) - Already used in GTK-based desktops
- [GTK3](https://docs.gtk.org/gtk3/)
  - [lassekongo83/adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) - Recommended! Without this, GTK3 applications look out of place with modern GNOME applications

## Applications

- [Discord](https://discord.com/)
  - [GeopJr/DNOME](https://github.com/GeopJr/DNOME)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
  - [piousdeer/vscode-adwaita](https://github.com/piousdeer/vscode-adwaita)
  - [wroyca/libadwaita-vscode-theme](https://github.com/wroyca/libadwaita-vscode-theme)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
  - [birneee/obsidian-adwaita-theme](https://github.com/birneee/obsidian-adwaita-theme)
- [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com)
  - [intergrav/stylesheets/spotify-adwaita](https://github.com/intergrav/stylesheets/tree/main/spotify-adwaita) - Designed for web player only, may or may not work with Spicetify
- [Steam](steampowered.com)
  - [tkashkin/Adwaita-for-Steam](https://github.com/tkashkin/Adwaita-for-Steam)
- [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
  - [rafaelmardojai/firefox-gnome-theme](https://github.com/rafaelmardojai/firefox-gnome-theme)
